[Ruby] Port exceptions concept exercise from C# (#2311)
exercism/v3: languages/ruby/exercises/concept/exceptions/.docs/instructions.md

In this exercise you will be building error handling for a simple integer calculator.

The goal is to have a working calculator that returns a string with the following pattern: `16 + 51 = 67`, when provided with arguments `16`, `51` and `+`.

```ruby
SimpleCalculator.calculate(16, 51, "+"); // => returns "16 + 51 = 67"
SimpleCalculator.calculate(32, 6, "*"); // => returns "32 * 6 = 192"
SimpleCalculator.calculate(512, 4, "/"); // => returns "512 / 4 = 128"
```

## 1. Handle the code that may raise errors within the method `calculate`

> The main method for implementation in this task will be the class method `SimpleCalculator.calculate()` method. It takes three arguments. The first two arguments are integer numbers on which an operation is going to be conducted. The third argument is of type string and for this exercise it is necessary to implement the following operations:

Reviewer: Yes, I see that the specification is Integer numbers.  I wonder if the limitation is appropriate in Ruby, as we don't deal with overflow issues, which, I presume is the reason why other languages might limit this specific exercise to integers, even a specific type of integer.

Author: Yes I also think we can go with numbers for the Ruby version of this exercise

- addition using the `+` string
- multiplication using the `*` string

> - division using the `/` string

Reviewer: Can we remove the division operation?  It matches the idea that we don't really have subtraction, we just add negative numbers.  The same is true for division, we multiply fractional numbers.  It keeps the exercise simple, while not removing any functionality.

Reviewer 2: Isn't the division operator actually the key operator here, as later on the `ZeroDivisionError` it raises when trying to divide by 0 is thrown.

Reviewer: That is true.  But it isn't necessary for calculations.  But yeah, definitely needs to be here if we a the error must be raised at some point.  (I don't know how to cause a division by 0 error using only multiplication.)

## 2. Handle illegal operations

> Any other operation symbol should raise the `UnsupportedOperation` exception.

Reviewer 2: Could you add a bit that indicates that the existing method should be updated? Something like:

```suggestion
Update the `SimpleCalculator.calculate()` method to raise an `UnsupportedOperation` exception for unknown operation symbols.
```

```ruby
SimpleCalculator.calculate(1, '2', '+'); // => Raises an ArgumentError
```

## 4. Handle DivideByZero exceptions

> When a `ZeroDivisionError` exception is raised, the handling code should return the string with the content `Division by zero is not allowed.`. Any other exception should not be handled by the `SimpleCalculator.calculate()` method.

Reviewer 2: Maybe rephrase a bit like the suggestion I made above on the second task.

> When a `ZeroDivisionError` exception gets raise, the handling code should return the string with the content `Division by zero is not allowed.`. Any other exception should not be handled by the `SimpleCalculator.calculate()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a `ZeroDivisionError` exception is raised, the handling code should return the string with the content `Division by zero is not allowed.`. Any other exception should not be handled by the `SimpleCalculator.calculate()` method.
```

```ruby

> SimpleCalculator.calculate(512, 0, "/"); // => returns "Division by zero is not allowed."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SimpleCalculator.calculate(512, 0, "/"); # => returns "Division by zero is not allowed."
```

Ruby block, so Ruby comment mark is the `#`.
